docs: Fix link to hardware_components (#1009)
ros-controls/ros2_control: hardware_interface/doc/hardware_components_userdoc.rst

-------------------
Hardware components represent abstraction of physical hardware in ros2_control framework.
There are three types of hardware Actuator, Sensor and System.

> For details on each type check `Hardware Components description <https://control.ros.org/master/doc/getting_started/getting_started.html#hardware-components>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details on each type check :ref:`overview_hardware_components` description.
```
Within spinx you can use [cross-reference links](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/restructuredtext/roles.html#cross-referencing-arbitrary-locations) to such labels:
https://github.com/ros-controls/control.ros.org/blob/311a61a8cd86b215468999fd518f57ad6339e773/doc/getting_started/getting_started.rst?plain=1#L79

Btw: there seem to be more broken links to ros-controls.github.io in other markdown files -> there we have to hardcode the published links.

Author: Thanks, that's obviously the better solution!
